The following is copied from:
https://1password.com/legal/terms-of-service/

Terms of Service

Service Agreement for 1Password users and customers

Last updated: April 23, 2019

These Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”, “Agreement”, or
“Service Agreement”) govern your relationship with the 1Password Service
(the “Service”) operated by AgileBits, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”). It
is important that you read this carefully because you will be legally
bound to these terms.

Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users,
customers, and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms
and accept all legal consequences. If you do not agree to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, in whole or in part, please do not use the
Service.

Description of Service

The “Service” means (a) AgileBits’ password managing, secure document
storing, administrative and related systems and technologies, as well as
the website https://1password.com (the “Site”), and (b) all software
(including the Software, as defined below), applications, data, text,
images, and other content made available by or on behalf of AgileBits.
Any modifications to the Service are also subject to these Terms.
AgileBits reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service or any
feature or functionality thereof at any time without notice. All rights,
title and interest in and to the Service will remain with and belong
exclusively to AgileBits.

Subscriptions

Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis
(“Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and
periodic basis (“Billing Cycle”). Billing cycles are set on a regular
basis, typically monthly or yearly.

At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically
renew under the same conditions unless you cancel it or AgileBits, Inc.
cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your
online account management page or by contacting AgileBits, Inc. customer
support team.

A valid payment method, including credit card, is required to process
the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide AgileBits, Inc. or
its third-party payment processor, with accurate and complete billing
information including full name, address, state, zip code, and valid
payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you
automatically authorize AgileBits, Inc. to charge all Subscription fees
incurred through your account to any such payment instruments. All
amounts paid are non-refundable. You further agree to be responsible for
all taxes associated with the Service, along with any transaction fees
and currency conversions added by your financial institution and
intermediaries. All amounts are in US Dollars.

Free Trial

AgileBits, Inc. may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a
free trial for a limited period of time (“Free Trial”).

You may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign
up for the Free Trial.

If you do enter your billing information when signing up for the Free
Trial, you will not be charged by AgileBits, Inc. until the Free Trial
has expired. On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you
cancelled your Subscription, you will be automatically charged the
applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription you have
selected.

At any time and without notice, AgileBits, Inc. reserves the right to
(i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii)
cancel such Free Trial offer.

Fee Changes

AgileBits, Inc., in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the
Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change
will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.

AgileBits, Inc. will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any
change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your
Subscription before such change becomes effective.

Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change
comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified
Subscription fee amount.

Refunds

While all amounts paid are non-refundable, certain refund requests for
Subscriptions may be considered by AgileBits, Inc. on a case-by-case
basis and granted at the sole discretion of AgileBits, Inc..

Accounts

When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that
is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so
constitutes a breach of the Terms.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access
the Service and for any activities or actions under your password,
whether your password is with our Service or a third party service.

You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must
notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or
unauthorized use of your account.

You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or
that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is
subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without
appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar
or obscene.

Intellectual Property

The Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images,
graphics or code are the property of AgileBits, Inc. and are protected
by copyright, trademarks, database and other intellectual property
rights. You may display and copy, download or print portions of the
material from the different areas of the Service only for your own
non-commercial use. Any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate
copyright, trademark and other laws. These Terms do not grant you a
license to use any trademark of AgileBits, Inc. or its affiliates. You
further agree not to use, change or delete any proprietary notices from
materials downloaded from the Service.

User-Generated Content
“Your Data” means any data and content which you upload, store,
retrieve, or otherwise make available through the Service. You retain
all of the rights to Your Data. You agree to grant AgileBits, Inc. a
license to store, retrieve, backup, restore, and otherwise copy Your
Data so that we may provide you with the Service.

Links To Other Web Sites

The Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that
are not owned or controlled by AgileBits, Inc..

AgileBits, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for,
the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites
or services. You further acknowledge and agree that AgileBits, Inc.
shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on
or through any such websites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy
policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Operational Emails

The Service may send operational emails including but not limited to:
billing emails, account activity emails, and service updates. These are
required to provide the Service.

Termination

You are entitled to cease using our Services at any time and for any
reason without notice to us, but you will continue to be charged for
Services until you cancel your account by logging in or contacting us.

Our duty is to keep our Service as safe and well maintained as possible.
To this end, we may need to terminate accounts for violations of these
Terms. In the following circumstances we will provide notice to you
prior to termination of your account: (a) you are in breach of these
Terms; or (b) you are using our Services in a way that can cause or has
caused a risk of harm or loss to either AgileBits or our other
customers.

In such an event our notice will be via email to all or any of the
registered account holders, which includes but is not limited to “Family
Organizers” and “Team Owners” as they are listed in your account at the
time of notice. If you remedy the issues that cause us to send the
notice, to our satisfaction, then we will not terminate your access or
license to our Services. If you do not remedy the outstanding causes of
our termination notice in these circumstances, then we will terminate
your account. In the event of such a termination we will provide you
with the ability to take your data with you.

There are three very limited circumstances in which we will be unable to
send notice to you prior to terminating your access to our Services: (i)
you are in material breach of these Terms in such a way as to
immediately and seriously endanger us and other users; (ii) we are
unable to send you notice because this would cause us legal liability or
a disruption to our Service; and (iii) we are unable to notify you due
to law. If we terminate your account for the reasons outlined in i-iii,
then we will work with you to ensure you retain copies of your data,
wherever permitted by law.

All provisions of the Terms shall survive termination, including without
limitation: ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and
limitations of liability. Upon termination, your right to use the
Service will immediately cease.

Limitation Of Liability

AgileBits, Inc., its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers,
or affiliates, shall not be liable for (A) any loss or damage, indirect,
incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including
without limitation, economic loss, loss or damage to electronic media or
data, goodwill, or other intangible losses, or (B) for any amount in the
aggregate in excess of the fees actually paid by you in the six (6)
months preceding the event giving rise to your claim, resulting from (i)
your access to or use of the Service; (ii) your inability to access or
use the Service; (iii) any conduct or content of any third-party on or
related to the Service; (iv) any content obtained from or through the
Service; and (v) the unauthorized access to, use of or alteration of
your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort
(including negligence) or any other claim in law, whether or not we have
been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy
set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

Disclaimer And Non-Waiver of Rights
AgileBits, Inc. makes no guarantees, representations or warranties of
any kind as regards the website and associated technology. Any
purportedly applicable warranties, terms and conditions are excluded, to
the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of the Service is at your
sole risk.

The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The
Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or
implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or
course of performance, except as provided for under the laws of any
province in Canada. In such cases, the provincial law shall apply to the
extent necessary.

AgileBits, Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not
warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or
available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects
will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful
components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your
requirements.

If you breach any of these Terms and AgileBits, Inc. chooses not to
immediately act, or chooses not to act at all, AgileBits, Inc. will
still be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date, or in
any other situation, where you breach these Terms. AgileBits, Inc. does
not waive any of its rights. AgileBits, Inc. shall not be responsible
for any purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond
its control. A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no
rights of enforcement.

You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights
under these Terms.

Exclusions

As set out, above, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of
certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not
apply to you. Provincial laws of Canada may apply to certain products
and service provided.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in
accordance with, the laws in the Province of Ontario and the laws of
Canada, as applicable.

If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provisions of
these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire
agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace
any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.

Dispute Resolution

All disputes and questions whatsoever which shall arise between
AgileBits Inc. and you in connection with this Service Agreement, or the
construction or application thereof or any provision contained in this
Service Agreement or as to any act, deed or omission of any party or as
to any other matter in any way relating to this Service Agreement, shall
be resolved by arbitration. Such arbitration shall be conducted by a
single arbitrator.

The arbitrator shall be appointed by agreement between the parties or,
in default of such agreement, such arbitrator shall be appointed by a
Judge of the Superior Court of Justice sitting in Toronto, upon the
application of any of the parties and such judge shall be entitled to
act as such arbitrator, if he or she so desires.

Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, arbitration shall be held in
the City of Toronto, Province of Ontario. The procedure to be followed
shall be agreed to by the parties or, in default of such agreement,
determined by the arbitrator. The arbitration shall proceed in
accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Act 1991 (Ontario).
The arbitrator shall have the power to proceed with the arbitration and
to deliver his or her award notwithstanding the default by any party in
respect of any procedural order made by the arbitrator.

The decision arrived at by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and
no appeal shall lie therefrom. Judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these
Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will make reasonable
efforts to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms
taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at
our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not
agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the
website and the Service.

The Change Log section below is not a part of these Terms, nor is the
Terms of Service archive or any content linked therefrom.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, you can contact our support
team or write us by mail at:

Suite 303, 49 Spadina Ave
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 2J1, Canada

Thanks for reading!

Change Log
2019-04-04: We added a section about operational emails.
2018-10-26: We changed our office address.
2017-09-08: We clarified what happens if we part ways.

