To read the latest LogMeIn Terms and Conditions, visit https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/terms-and-conditions

A copy of those terms as of 2020-08-21 follows:

****** Terms of Service ******
This is a legal agreement between the person or organization (“Customer” or
“you”) agreeing to these Terms of Service (“Terms”) and the applicable
contracting entities at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/contracting-entities
(“LogMeIn,” “us,” or “we”). By accepting these Terms, signing an Order, or
using the Services, you represent that you are of legal age and have the
authority to bind the Customer to the Order, these Terms, and the applicable
"Service Descriptions" available at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/service-
descriptions, as well as the Professional Services Terms and Conditions
available at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/professional-services-terms, each
as applicable (collectively the "Agreement").
   1. ACCESS AND USE OF THE SERVICES.
          o 1.1. Right to Use Services. You agree to use the Services in
            accordance with the use levels by which we measure, price and offer
            our Services as posted on our websites, your Order, or the Service
            Descriptions (“Use Levels”). You may use our Services only as
            permitted in these Terms, and you consent to our Privacy Policy at
            https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/privacy, which is incorporated by
            reference. We grant you a limited right to use our Services only
            for business and professional purposes. Technical support for the
            Services is described in the Service Descriptions. If your
            affiliates use our Services, you warrant that you have the
            authority to bind those affiliates and you will be liable if your
            affiliates do not comply with the Agreement. “Service(s)” means our
            software-as-a-service offerings and our audio services (including
            any related hardware, which are offered by LogMeIn Audio, LLC,
            Grasshopper Group LLC, or Jive Communications, Inc., or their
            subsidiaries, our telecommunications providers responsible for the
            rates and terms relating to the respective audio services). The
            Service Descriptions are incorporated into these Terms. You
            understand that your personal data may be processed in connection
            with your use of our Services, software, and websites which are
            provided via equipment and resources located in the United States
            and other locations throughout the world.
          o 1.2.Limitations on Use. By using our Services, you agree on behalf
            of yourself, your users and your attendees, not to (i) modify,
            prepare derivative works of, or reverse engineer, our Services;
            (ii) knowingly or negligently use our Services in a way that abuses
            or disrupts our networks, user accounts, or the Services; (iii)
            transmit through the Services any harassing, indecent, obscene,
            fraudulent, or unlawful material; (iv) market, or resell the
            Services to any third party; (v) use the Services in violation of
            applicable laws, or regulations; (vi) use the Services to send
            unauthorized advertising, or spam; (vii) harvest, collect, or
            gather user data without their consent; or (viii) transmit through
            the Services any material that may infringe the intellectual
            property, privacy, or other rights of third parties.
          o 1.3. Changes to Services. We reserve the right to enhance, upgrade,
            improve, or modify features of our Services as we deem appropriate
            and in our discretion. We will not materially reduce the core
            functionality (as set forth in the Service_Descriptions) or
            discontinue any Services unless we provide you with prior written
            notice. We may offer additional functionality to our standard
            Services or premium feature improvements for an additional cost.
          o 1.4. Proprietary Rights and LogMeIn Marks. You acknowledge that we
            or our licensors retain all proprietary right, title and interest
            in the Services, our name, logo or other marks (together, the
            “LogMeIn Marks”), and any related intellectual property rights,
            including, without limitation, all modifications, enhancements,
            derivative works, and upgrades thereto. You agree that you will not
            use or register any trademark, service mark, business name, domain
            name or social media account name or handle which incorporates in
            whole or in part the LogMeIn Marks or is similar to any of these.
            You agree to comply with our Branding Guidelines, available at
            https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/trademark, which are incorporated
            into this Agreement by reference.
   2. ORDERS, FEES AND PAYMENT.
          o 2.1. Orders. You may order Services using our then-current ordering
            processes (“Order”). All Orders are effective on the earlier of (i)
            the date you submit your Order, or (ii) the date on the signature
            block of the Order (“Effective Date”). Acceptance of your Order may
            be subject to our verification and credit approval process. Each
            Order shall be treated as a separate and independent Order. A
            Purchase Order is required for non-credit card transactions over
            25,000 USD, or equivalent, unless Customer does not require a
            Purchase Order as part of its purchasing process.
                # 2.1.1. COVID-19 Emergency Kit Services. Any subscriptions to
                  Services labeled as "COVID-19 Emergency Kit" are for use
                  across your organization during the contract term listed in
                  the Order for such subscriptions and will automatically
                  terminate thereafter or, if you have active subscriptions for
                  the Services being purchased, on the earlier of the contract
                  term set forth in the Order or the expiration of your
                  underlying paid subscription term. If you have active
                  subscriptions for the Services being purchased, the COVID-19
                  Emergency Kit subscriptions are subject to your existing
                  contract with LogMeIn and do not change the terms of any
                  previously purchased services. You may choose to purchase any
                  of the COVID-19 Emergency Kit subscriptions under a separate
                  order, but you are under no obligation to do so.

          o 2.2. Fees and Payment. You agree to pay all applicable, undisputed
            fees for the Services on the terms set forth on the invoice. Except
            as set forth in Section 3.3 below or in the Service Descriptions,
            any and all payments you make to us for access to the Services are
            final and non-refundable. You are responsible for all fees and
            charges imposed by your voice and data transmission providers
            related to your access and use of the Services. You are responsible
            for providing accurate and current billing, contact and payment
            information to us or any reseller. You agree that we may take steps
            to verify whether your payment method is valid, charge your payment
            card or bill you for all amounts due for your use of the Services,
            and automatically update your payment card information using
            software designed to do so in the event your payment card on file
            is no longer valid. You agree that your credit card information and
            related personal data may be provided to third parties for payment
            processing and fraud prevention purposes. We may suspend or
            terminate your Services if at any time we determine that your
            payment information is inaccurate or not current, and you are
            responsible for fees and overdraft charges that we may incur when
            we charge your card for payment. We will not agree to submit
            invoices via any customer procure-to-pay online portal or
            Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) portals. We reserve the right to
            update the price for Services at any time after your Initial Term,
            and price changes will be effective as of your next billing cycle.
            We will notify you of any price changes by publishing on our
            website, emailing, quoting or invoicing you.
          o 2.3. Sales, Promotional Offers, Coupons and Pricing. Sales,
            promotions and other special discounted pricing offers are
            temporary and, upon the renewal of your subscription, any such
            discounted pricing offers may expire. We reserve the right to
            discontinue or modify any coupons, credits, sales and special
            promotional offers in our sole discretion.
          o 2.4. Disputes; Delinquent Accounts. You must notify us of any fee
            dispute within 15 days of the invoice date, and once resolved, you
            agree to pay those fees within 15 days. We may, on notice to you,
            suspend or terminate your Services if you do not pay undisputed
            fees, and you agree to reimburse us for all reasonable costs and
            expenses incurred in collecting delinquent amounts.
          o 2.5. Taxes and Withholding. You are responsible for all applicable
            sales, services, value-added, goods and services, withholding,
            tariffs, Universal Services Fund (USF) fees or any other similar
            fees as may be applicable in the location in which the Services are
            being provided (if applicable to the Audio Services only) and
            similar taxes or fees (collectively, “Taxes and Fees”) imposed by
            any government entity or collecting agency based on the Services,
            except those Taxes and Fees based on our net income, or Taxes and
            Fees for which you have provided an exemption certificate.
            Additionally, if you do not satisfy your Tax and Fees obligations,
            you agree that you will be required to reimburse us for any Taxes
            and Fees paid on your behalf, and we may take steps to collect
            Taxes and Fees we have paid on your behalf. In all cases, you will
            pay the amounts due under this Agreement to us in full without any
            right of set-off or deduction.
   3. TERM AND TERMINATION.
          o 3.1. Term. The initial term commitment for your purchase of
            Services will be as specified on an Order (“Initial Term”) and
            begins on the Effective Date. After the Initial Term, the Services
            will, unless otherwise specified in the Service_Description for a
            particular Service, automatically renew for additional 12-month
            periods (“Renewal Terms”), unless either party provides notice of
            non-renewal at least 30 days before the current term expires. You
            may provide notice of non-renewal for each Service you do not wish
            to renew at https://support.logmeininc.com/contactus. We may agree
            to align the invoicing under multiple Orders but this will not
            reduce the term of any Order. Terminating specific Services does
            not affect the term of any other Services still in effect. If we
            permit you to reinstate Services at any time after termination, you
            agree that you will be bound by the then-current Terms and the
            renewal date that was in effect as of the effective termination
            date.
          o 3.2. Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate the
            Agreement (i) if the other party breaches its material obligations
            and fails to cure within 30 days of receipt of written notice, or
            (ii) if the other party becomes insolvent or bankrupt, liquidated
            or is dissolved, or ceases substantially all of its business, and
            we may suspend access or terminate immediately if you breach
            Section 1.2, 4 or 5.
          o 3.3. Effect of Termination. If the Agreement or any Services are
            terminated, your account may be converted to a “free” or “basic”
            version of the Service, if available, at our discretion. Otherwise,
            you will immediately discontinue all use of the terminated
            Services, except that upon request, we will provide you with
            limited access to the Services for a period not to exceed 30 days,
            solely to enable you to retrieve your Content from the Services. We
            have no obligation to maintain your Content after that period.
            Neither party will be liable for any damages resulting from
            termination of the Agreement, and termination will not affect any
            claim arising prior to the effective termination date. If we
            discontinue Services or materially reduce the core functionality in
            accordance with Section 1.3 above, the related Order will be
            terminated and we will provide you with a pro rata refund of any
            prepaid, unused fees. You agree to pay for any use of the Services
            past the date of expiration or termination which have not been
            converted to a free version of the Service.
          o 3.4. Survival. The provisions of Sections 2 (Orders, Fees and
            Payment), 3.3 (Effect of Termination), 4 (Your Content and
            Accounts), 7 (Indemnification), 8 (Limitation on Liability), 9.6
            (No Class Actions), 9.11 (Notices), and 9.14 (Contracting Party,
            Choice of Law and Location for Resolving Disputes) survive any
            termination of the Agreement.
   4. YOUR Content AND ACCOUNTS.
          o 4.1. Your Content. You retain all rights to your Content (defined
            below) and we do not own or license your Content. We may use,
            modify, reproduce and distribute your Content in order to provide
            and operate the Services. You warrant that (i) you have the right
            to upload or otherwise share Content with us, and (ii) your
            uploading or processing of your Content in the context of our
            Services does not infringe on any rights of any third party. Each
            party agrees to apply reasonable technical, organizational and
            administrative security measures to keep Content protected in
            accordance with industry standards. We will not view, access or
            process any of your Content, except: (x) as authorized or
            instructed by you or your users in this Agreement or in any other
            agreement between the parties, or (y) as required to comply with
            our policies, applicable law, or governmental request. You agree to
            comply with all legal duties applicable to you as a data controller
            by virtue of the submission of your Content within the Services. If
            your Content, including any personal data (as defined under
            applicable law, which includes, but is not limited to, the General
            Data Protection Regulation EU 2016/679 or “GDPR” and data
            protection laws of the European Union, European Economic Area,
            Switzerland (collectively, the “EEA+”), and the United Kingdom) and
            is processed by us as a data processor acting on your behalf (in
            your capacity as data controller), we will use and process your
            Content in order to provide the Services and fulfill our
            obligations under the Agreement, and in accordance with your
            instructions as represented in this Agreement. Notwithstanding
            anything to the contrary, this Section 4.1 expresses the entirety
            of our obligations with respect to your Content. “Content” means
            any files, documents, recordings, chat logs, transcripts, and
            similar data that we maintain on your or your users’ behalf, as
            well as any other information you or your users may upload to your
            Service account in connection with the Services.
          o 4.2. Your Accounts. You are solely responsible for (i) all use of
            the Services by you and your users, (ii) maintaining lawful basis
            for the collection, use, processing and transfer of Content, and
            (iii) providing notices or obtaining consent as legally required in
            connection with the Services. We do not send emails asking for your
            usernames or passwords, and to keep your accounts secure, you
            should keep all usernames and passwords confidential. We are not
            liable for any loss that you may incur if a third party uses your
            password or account. We may suspend the Services or terminate the
            Agreement if you, your users, or attendees are using the Services
            in a manner that is likely to cause harm to us. You agree to notify
            us immediately and terminate any unauthorized access to the
            Services or other security breach.
   5. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. In connection with the performance, access and use
      of the Services under the Agreement, each party agrees to comply with all
      applicable laws, rules and regulations including, but not limited to
      export, privacy, and data protection laws and regulations. Each party
      represents that it is not named on any U.S. government denied-party list.
      Further, Customer shall not permit its users to access or use any Service
      or Content in a U.S. embargoed country or in violation of any U.S. export
      law or regulation. If necessary and in accordance with applicable law, we
      will cooperate with local, state, federal and international government
      authorities with respect to the Services. Notwithstanding any other
      provision in these Terms, we may immediately terminate the Agreement for
      noncompliance with applicable laws.
   6. WARRANTIES. WE WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL CONFORM TO THE SERVICE
      DESCRIPTIONS UNDER NORMAL USE. WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (i)
      THE USE OF OUR SERVICES WILL BE TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR
      OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY SPECIFIC HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR
      DATA, (ii) OUR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR (iii) ALL ERRORS
      OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
      OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS WARRANTY WILL
      BE, AT OUR SOLE OPTION AND SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, TO PROVIDE
      CONFORMING SERVICES, OR TO TERMINATE THE NON-CONFORMING SERVICES OR THE
      APPLICABLE ORDER, AND PROVIDE A PRO-RATED REFUND OF ANY PREPAID FEES FROM
      THE DATE YOU NOTIFY US OF THE NON-CONFORMANCE THROUGH THE END OF THE
      REMAINING TERM. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM
      ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY
      OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
      MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
      PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
      EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, THEREFORE SOME OF THE
      ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO CUSTOMERS LOCATED IN THOSE
      JURISDICTIONS.
   7. INDEMNIFICATION. You will indemnify and defend us against any third party
      claim resulting from a breach of Section 1.2 or 4, or alleging that any
      of your Content infringes upon any patent or copyright, or violates a
      trade secret of any party, and you agree to pay reasonable attorney’s
      fees, court costs, damages finally awarded, or reasonable settlement
      costs with respect to any such claim.We will promptly notify you of any
      claim and cooperate with you in defending the claim. You will reimburse
      us for reasonable expenses incurred in providing any cooperation or
      assistance. You will have full control and authority over the defense and
      settlement of any claim, except that: (i) any settlement requiring us to
      admit liability requires prior written consent, not to be unreasonably
      withheld or delayed, and (ii) we may join in the defense with our own
      counsel at our own expense.
   8. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.
          o 8.1. LIMITATION ON INDIRECT LIABILITY. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE
            TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT,
            SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL LOSS, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER SUCH
            DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR
            RELATING TO: (i) LOSS OF DATA, (ii) LOSS OF INCOME, (iii) LOSS OF
            OPPORTUNITY, (iv) LOST PROFITS, OR (v) COSTS OF RECOVERY, HOWEVER
            CAUSED AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
            LIMITED TO, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR
            VIOLATION OF STATUTE, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
            THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW
            LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR
            CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT
            APPLY.
          o 8.2. LIMITATION ON AMOUNT OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT FOR YOUR BREACH OF
            SECTIONS 1.2 OR 4 AND YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, AND TO THE
            EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY
            OF EITHER PARTY AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS
            ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE SUM OF THE AMOUNTS
            PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICE DURING THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY
            PRECEDING THE INCIDENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THE FOREGOING
            DOES NOT LIMIT YOUR OBLIGATIONS TO PAY ANY UNDISPUTED FEES AND
            OTHER AMOUNTS DUE UNDER ANY ORDER.
   9. ADDITIONAL TERMS.
          o 9.1. Supplemental Data Processing Addendum. If you are located in
            or are subject to the applicable laws of the EEA+ and/or the United
            Kingdom, including the GDPR, you may complete a LogMeIn Data
            Processing Addendum (“DPA”) online at https://www.logmeininc.com/
            trust/DPA. Additional information about LogMeIn’s privacy,
            security, and sub-processors disclosures can be found at https://
            www.logmeininc.com/trust.
          o 9.2. Free Services and Trials. Your right to access and use any
            free Services is not guaranteed for any period of time and we
            reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit or terminate
            your use of any free versions of any Services by any individual or
            entity. If you are using the Services on a trial or promotional
            basis (“Trial Period”), your Trial Period and access to the
            Services will terminate (i) at the end of the Trial Period stated
            in your Order, or (ii) if no date is specified, 30 days after your
            initial access to the Services, (iii) or upon your conversion to a
            subscription. During the Trial Period, to the extent permitted by
            law, we provide the Services “AS IS” and without warranty or
            indemnity, and all other terms otherwise apply. We may modify or
            discontinue any trials or promotions at any time without notice.
          o 9.3. Third Party Features. Services may provide the capability for
            you to link to or integrate with third party sites or applications
            (“Third Party Services”). We are not responsible for and do not
            endorse Third Party Services. You have sole discretion whether to
            purchase or connect to any Third Party Services and your use is
            governed solely by the terms for those Third Party Services.
          o 9.4. Beta Services. We may offer you access to beta services that
            are being provided prior to general release, but we do not make any
            guarantees that these services will be made generally available
            (“Beta Services”). You understand and agree that the Beta Services
            may contain bugs, errors and other defects, and use of the Beta
            Services is at your sole risk. You acknowledge that your use of
            Beta Services is on a voluntary and optional basis, and we have no
            obligation to provide technical support and may discontinue
            provision of Beta Services at any time in our sole discretion and
            without prior notice to you. These Beta Services are offered “AS-
            IS”, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim any
            liability, warranties, indemnities, and conditions, whether
            express, implied, statutory or otherwise. If you are using Beta
            Services, you agree to receive related correspondence and updates
            from us, and acknowledge that opting out may result in cancellation
            of your access to the Beta Services. If you provide feedback
            (“Feedback”) about the Beta Service, you agree that we own any
            Feedback that you share with us. For the Beta Services only, these
            Terms supersede any conflicting terms and conditions in the
            Agreement, but only to the extent necessary to resolve conflict.
          o 9.5. Copyright. If you believe that our Services have been used in
            a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you should follow
            the process outlined here: https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/dmca.
          o 9.6. No Class Actions. You may only resolve disputes with us on an
            individual basis and you agree not to bring or participate in any
            class, consolidated, or representative action against us or any of
            our employees or affiliates.
          o 9.7. Security Emergencies. If we reasonably determine that the
            security of our Services or infrastructure may be compromised due
            to hacking attempts, denial of service attacks, or other malicious
            activities, we may temporarily suspend the Services and we will
            take action to promptly resolve any security issues. We will notify
            you of any suspension or other action taken for security reasons.
          o 9.8. High-Risk Use. You understand that the Services are not
            designed or intended for use during high-risk activities which
            include, but are not limited to use in hazardous environments
            requiring fail-safe controls, weapons systems, aircraft navigation,
            control, or communications systems, and/or life support systems.
          o 9.9. Recording. Certain Services provide functionality that allows
            you to record audio and data shared during sessions. You are solely
            responsible for complying with all applicable laws in the relevant
            jurisdictions while using recording functionality. We disclaim all
            liability for your recording of audio or shared data, and you agree
            to hold us harmless from damages or liabilities related to the
            recording of any audio or data.
          o 9.10. Assignment. Neither party may assign its rights or delegate
            its duties under the Agreement either in whole or in part without
            the other party’s prior written consent, which shall not be
            unreasonably withheld, except that either party may assign the
            Agreement to an affiliated entity, or as part of a corporate
            reorganization, consolidation, merger, acquisition, or sale of all
            or substantially all of its business or assets to which this
            Agreement relates. Any attempted assignment without consent will be
            void. The Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each
            party’s successors or assigns.
          o 9.11. Notices. Notices must be sent by personal delivery, overnight
            courier or registered or certified mail. We may also provide notice
            to the email last designated on your account, electronically via
            postings on our website, in-product notices, or our self-service
            portal or administrative center. Unless specified elsewhere in this
            Agreement, notices should be sent to us at the address for your
            applicable contracting entity, with a copy to our Legal Department,
            320 Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 USA, and we will
            send notices to the address last designated on your account. Notice
            is given (a) upon personal delivery; (b) for overnight courier, on
            the second business day after notice is sent, (c) for registered or
            certified mail, on the fifth business day after notice is sent, (d)
            for email, when the email is sent, or (e) if posted electronically,
            upon posting.
          o 9.12. Regional Terms. If you are located in regions outside the
            United States and are purchasing the Jive and/or GoToConnect
            Services, additional terms specific to your region (as set forth in
            our Regional Supplement at https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/
            regional-supplement) shall apply to your use of the Services and
            shall be considered part of these Terms.
          o 9.13. Entire Agreement; Order of Precedence. The Agreement,
            including any applicable DPA, sets forth the entire agreement
            between us relating to the Services and supersedes all prior and
            contemporaneous oral and written agreements, except as otherwise
            permitted. If there is a conflict between an executed Order, these
            Terms, the DPA if applicable, and the Service Descriptions, the
            conflict will be resolved in that order, but only for the specific
            Services described in the applicable Order. Nothing contained in
            any document submitted by you will add to or otherwise modify the
            Agreement. We may update the Terms from time to time, which will be
            identified by the last updated date, and may be reviewed at https:/
            /www.logmeininc.com/legal/terms-and-conditions. Your continued
            access to and use of the Service constitutes your acceptance of the
            then-current Terms.
          o 9.14. General Terms. If any term of this Agreement is not
            enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. Both parties are
            independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement creates a
            partnership, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between
            the parties. No person or entity not a party to the Agreement will
            be a third party beneficiary. Our authorized distributors do not
            have the right to modify the Agreement or to make commitments
            binding on us. Failure to enforce any right under the Agreement
            will not waive that right. Unless otherwise specified, remedies are
            cumulative. The Agreement may be agreed to online, or executed by
            electronic signature and in one or more counterparts. No party will
            be responsible for any delay or failure to perform under the
            Agreement due to force majeure events (e.g. natural disasters;
            terrorist activities, activities of third party service providers,
            labor disputes; and acts of government) and acts beyond a party’s
            reasonable control, but only for so long as those conditions
            persist.
          o 9.15. Contracting Party, Choice of Law and Location for Resolving
            Disputes. The LogMeIn contracting entity, contact information, and
            governing law for your use of the Services will depend on where you
            are and the specific Services you have ordered, as set forth here:
            https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/contracting-entities.
Last Updated: March, 2020 (2020.v1)
