NVIDIA Driver License Agreement

IMPORTANT NOTICE - PLEASE READ AND AGREE BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE.

This license agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you, whether
an individual or entity ("you") and NVIDIA Corporation ("NVIDIA") and governs
your use of the NVIDIA driver, and any additional software and materials
provided (the "SOFTWARE").

If you don't have the required age or authority to enter into this Agreement or
if you don't accept all the terms below, do not use the SOFTWARE.

You agree to use the SOFTWARE only for purposes that are permitted by this
Agreement and any applicable law or regulation in the relevant jurisdictions.

1. License.

1.1 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, NVIDIA grants you a non-exclusive,
revocable, non-transferable and non-sublicensable (except as expressly provided
in this Agreement) license to:

a. Install and use copies of the SOFTWARE,

b. Modify and create derivative works of any portion of the SOFTWARE delivered
by NVIDIA in source code format,

c. Deploy, for your own use, the SOFTWARE on infrastructure you own or lease,
and

d. Distribute the SOFTWARE provided for use with operating system kernels
distributed under the terms of an OSI-approved open source license as listed by
the Open Source Initiative at http://opensource.org, provided that (i) the
binary files thereof are not modified in any way (except for uncompressing of
compressed files) and (ii) this Agreement is provided to each SOFTWARE
recipient.

2. Limitations.

The following license limitations apply to your use of the SOFTWARE:

2.1 The SOFTWARE is only licensed for use in conjunction with microprocessor(s),
SoCs, and GPUs which have been (i) designed by NVIDIA and/or its affiliates and
(ii) sold (directly or indirectly) by NVIDIA and/or its affiliates ("NVIDIA
Platform"). You may only use firmware in NVIDIA Platforms. You may not translate
firmware, nor cause or permit firmware to be translated, from the architecture
or language in which it is originally provided by NVIDIA, into any other
architecture or language.

2.2 You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE
provided in binary form, nor attempt in any other manner to obtain source code
of such SOFTWARE.

2.3 You may not modify or create derivative works of the SOFTWARE provided in
binary form.

2.4 You may not distribute any modified header files.

2.5 You may not change or remove copyright or other proprietary notices in the
SOFTWARE, or misrepresent the authorship of the SOFTWARE, and you must cause any
modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files
such that modifications are not misrepresented as an original SOFTWARE.

2.6 You may not bypass, disable, or circumvent any technical limitation,
encryption, security, digital rights management or authentication mechanism in
the SOFTWARE.

2.7 Except as expressly granted in this Agreement, you may not sell, rent,
sublicense, distribute or transfer the SOFTWARE or provide commercial hosting
services with the SOFTWARE.

2.8 You agree that GeForce or Titan SOFTWARE: (i) is licensed for use only on
GeForce or Titan hardware products you own, and (ii) is not licensed for
datacenter deployment.

2.9 You may not use the SOFTWARE in any manner that would cause it to become
subject to an open source software license, subject to the terms in the
"Components Under Other Licenses" section below.

2.10 You acknowledge that the SOFTWARE as delivered is not tested or certified
by NVIDIA for use in any system or application where the use of or failure of
such system or application developed with the SOFTWARE could result in injury,
death or catastrophic damage (each, a "Critical Application"). Examples of
Critical Applications include use in avionics, navigation, autonomous vehicle
applications, automotive products, military, medical, life support or other life
critical applications. NVIDIA will not be liable to you or any third party, in
whole or in part, for any claims or damages arising from these uses. You are
solely responsible for ensuring that systems and applications developed with the
SOFTWARE include sufficient safety and redundancy features, and comply with all
applicable legal and regulatory standards and requirements.

2.11 You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NVIDIA and its affiliates,
and their respective employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors,
from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities,
costs or debt, fines, restitutions and expenses (including but not limited to
attorney's fees and costs incident to establishing the right of indemnification)
arising out of or related to products or services that have been developed with
or use the SOFTWARE (including for use in or for Critical Applications), and for
use of the SOFTWARE outside of the scope of this Agreement or not in compliance
with its terms.

3. Authorized Users.

You may allow employees and contractors of your entity or of your
subsidiary(ies) to access and use the SOFTWARE from your secure network to
perform the work authorized by this Agreement on your behalf.

If you are an academic institution, you may allow users enrolled or employed by
the academic institution to access and use the SOFTWARE as authorized by this
Agreement from your secure network.

You are responsible for the compliance with the terms of this Agreement by your
authorized users. Any act or omission that if committed by you would constitute
a breach of this Agreement will be deemed to constitute a breach of this
Agreement if committed by your authorized users.

4. Pre-Release SOFTWARE.

The SOFTWARE versions identified as alpha, beta, preview or otherwise as
pre-release may not be fully functional, may contain errors or design flaws, and
may have reduced or different security, privacy, accessibility and reliability
standards relative to commercial versions of NVIDIA software and materials.

You may use pre-release SOFTWARE at your own risk, understanding that
pre-release SOFTWARE is not intended for use in production or business-critical
systems and NVIDIA may choose not to make available a commercial version of any
pre-release SOFTWARE.

5. Support and Updates.

NVIDIA is not obligated to support any SOFTWARE, unless there is a separate
agreement for this purpose. NVIDIA may, at its option, make available patches,
workarounds or other updates to the SOFTWARE. Unless the updates are provided
with their separate governing terms, they are deemed part of the SOFTWARE
licensed to you as provided in this Agreement.

6. Components Under Other Licenses.

The SOFTWARE may include or be distributed with components provided with
separate legal notices or terms that accompany the components, such as open
source software licenses and other license terms ("Other Licenses"). The
components are subject to the applicable Other Licenses, including any
proprietary notices, disclaimers, requirements and extended use rights; except
that this Agreement will prevail regarding the use of third-party open source
software, unless a third-party open source software license requires its license
terms to prevail. Open source software license means any software, data or
documentation subject to any license identified as an open source license by the
Open Source Initiative (http://opensource.org), Free Software Foundation
(http://www.fsf.org) or other similar open source organization or listed by the
Software Package Data Exchange (SPDX) Workgroup under the Linux Foundation
(http://www.spdx.org).

You acknowledge and agree that it is your sole responsibility to obtain any
additional third-party licenses required to make, have made, use, have used,
sell, import, and offer for sale your products or services that include or
incorporate any third-party software and content, including, without limitation,
audio and/or video encoders and decoders and implementations of technical
standards. NVIDIA does not grant to you under this Agreement any necessary
patent or other rights, including standard essential patent rights, with respect
to any third-party software and content.

7. Termination.

This Agreement will automatically terminate without notice from NVIDIA if you
fail to comply with any of the terms in this Agreement or if you commence or
participate in any legal proceeding against NVIDIA with respect to the
SOFTWARE. Upon any termination, you must stop using and destroy all copies of
the SOFTWARE. You can terminate this Agreement whenever you want by stopping use
of the SOFTWARE and destroying all copies of the SOFTWARE. Your prior
distributions according to this Agreement are not affected by termination. All
provisions will survive termination, except for the licenses granted to you.

8. Ownership.

The SOFTWARE, including all intellectual property rights, is and will remain the
sole and exclusive property of NVIDIA or its licensors. Except as expressly
granted in this Agreement, (i) NVIDIA reserves all rights, interests, and
remedies in connection with the SOFTWARE, and (ii) no other license or right is
granted to you by implication, estoppel or otherwise. You agree to cooperate
with NVIDIA and provide reasonably requested information to verify your
compliance with this Agreement.

9. Feedback.

You may, but you are not obligated to, provide suggestions, requests, fixes,
modifications, enhancements, or other feedback regarding the SOFTWARE
(collectively, "Feedback"). Feedback, even if designated as confidential by you,
will not create any confidentiality obligation for NVIDIA or its affiliates. If
you provide Feedback, you grant NVIDIA, its affiliates and its designees a
non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free,
fully paid-up and transferable license, under your intellectual property rights,
to publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, use, make, have made, sell,
offer for sale, distribute (through multiple tiers of distribution), import,
create derivative works of and otherwise commercialize and exploit the Feedback
at NVIDIA's discretion. You will not give Feedback (i) that you have reason to
believe is subject to any restriction that impairs the exercise of the grant
stated in this section; or (ii) subject to license terms which seek to require
any product incorporating or developed using such Feedback, or other
intellectual property of NVIDIA or its affiliates, to be licensed to or
otherwise shared with any third party.

10. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.

10.1 Informal Resolution.

If you or NVIDIA have any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or
relating to the SOFTWARE or this Agreement ("Dispute"), the parties agree to
work in good faith to resolve the Dispute informally. If you have a Dispute, you
must first contact NVIDIA and give NVIDIA an opportunity to resolve it by
contacting NVIDIA by mail at NVIDIA Corporation, ATTN: Legal, 2788 San Tomas
Expressway, Santa Clara, California, 95051. Either you or NVIDIA may seek to
have a Dispute resolved in small claims court if all the requirements of the
small claims court are satisfied. Either you or NVIDIA may seek to have a
Dispute resolved in small claims court in your county of residence or the small
claims court in closest proximity to your residence at any time before an
arbitrator is appointed, and you may also bring a Dispute in small claims court
in the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara.

10.2 Binding Arbitration.

For any Disputes that are not resolved informally or by the small claims court,
you and NVIDIA each agree to resolve any such Dispute by binding arbitration
before an arbitrator from Judicial Mediation and Arbitration Services ("JAMS")
(rules available at https://www.jamsadr.com/). Except as otherwise provided in
this section, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including
jurisdictional and arbitrability issues and the formation, existence, validity,
interpretation, and scope of this arbitration provision. The arbitration will be
conducted in Santa Clara County, California (or the nearest JAMS office to Santa
Clara County), unless you request an in-person hearing in your hometown or you
and NVIDIA agree otherwise. You and NVIDIA agree that the parties will arbitrate
all Disputes, remedies, and requests for relief subject to individual
arbitration first, the arbitrator will only determine issues of liability on the
merits of any claim asserted, and the arbitrator may only award declaratory or
injunctive relief in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to
the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual
claim. You and NVIDIA agree that any remaining unresolved Disputes, remedies, or
requests for relief may be pursued in court only after the arbitrator's award
has been issued. In any later court proceeding, the arbitrator's factual
findings will not be entitled to deference by the court. Nothing in these terms
will prevent a party from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the
courts in any jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened violation of that
party's data security, intellectual property rights, or other proprietary
rights. If for any reason this Section 10.2 is unenforceable concerning any
Dispute, and a Dispute proceeds in a court of general jurisdiction, the Dispute
will be exclusively brought in state or federal court located in Santa Clara
County, California.

10.3 Class Action, Representative Action, & Jury Trial Waiver.

All Disputes must be brought by a party in its individual capacity, and not as a
plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative
proceeding. You and NVIDIA agree to waive the right to a jury trial, participate
in class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, any collective, consolidated,
or other proceeding or request for relief where someone acts in a representative
capacity.

10.4 Right to Opt-Out.

You may opt-out of the foregoing jury trial, class action, arbitration, and
collective or consolidated proceeding waiver provision by notifying NVIDIA in
writing within 30 days of commencement of use of the SOFTWARE, within 30 days of
the effective date of this Agreement, or within 30 days of any future change
NVIDIA may make to this Section 10.4. Such written notification must be sent by
mail to NVIDIA Corporation, Attn: Legal, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara,
California, 95051 and must include (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) the
reference to NVIDIA drivers as the software to which the notice relates, and (4)
a clear statement indicating that you do not wish to resolve disputes through
arbitration and demonstrating compliance with the 30-day time limit to
opt-out. Any opt-out notification received after the opt-out deadline or not
including the required items noted in (1)-(4) in the preceding sentence will not
be valid and you will be required to pursue your Dispute in arbitration or small
claims court. Opting out of this dispute resolution procedure will not affect
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which still apply to you. If you
opt-out of any future change NVIDIA may make to this Section 10.4, the most
recent version of Section 10.4 before the change you rejected will apply.

10.5 Governing Law.

You and NVIDIA each agree that all Disputes will be governed by the Federal
Arbitration Act, in addition to the internal substantive laws of the State of
Delaware and the United States, without regard to or application of its conflict
of laws rules or principles. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed. Any translation of this
Agreement is done for local requirements and, if there is a dispute between the
English and any non-English versions, you and NVIDIA agree that the English
version of this Agreement will govern to the extent not prohibited by local law
in your jurisdiction.

11. Disclaimer of Warranties.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY NVIDIA AS-IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS. TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NVIDIA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND
REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, RELATING TO
OR ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES
OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
USAGE OF TRADE AND COURSE OF DEALING. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NVIDIA
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; THAT ANY DEFECTS
OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; THAT ANY CERTAIN CONTENT WILL BE AVAILABLE; OR THAT
THE SOFTWARE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

In addition, you agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining
appropriate data backups and system restore points for systems that include the
SOFTWARE, and that NVIDIA will have no responsibility for any damage or loss to
such systems (including loss of data or access) arising from or relating to (a)
any changes to the configuration, application settings, environment variables,
registry, drivers, BIOS, or other attributes of the system (or any part of such
system) initiated through the SOFTWARE; or (b) installation of any SOFTWARE or
third party software patches through the NVIDIA update service.

NO INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY NVIDIA WILL IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF
ANY WARRANTY EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. You are responsible for
checking that a SOFTWARE version is the appropriate one for your NVIDIA product
model, operating system, and computer hardware.

12. Limitations of Liability.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL NVIDIA BE
LIABLE FOR ANY (I) INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR (II) DAMAGES FOR (A) THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE GOODS, OR (B)
LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUES, USE, DATA OR GOODWILL ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO
THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF NVIDIA HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A PARTY'S REMEDIES FAIL THEIR
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

ADDITIONALLY, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NVIDIA'S TOTAL
CUMULATIVE AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS OR
CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED FIVE
U.S. DOLLARS (US$5).

13. Data Collection.

If you are using the SOFTWARE on a Windows operating system, you hereby
acknowledge that at the time of SOFTWARE installation, NVIDIA will access and
collect data to: (a) properly configure and optimize the system for use with the
SOFTWARE; (b) deliver content or service through SOFTWARE; and (c) improve
NVIDIA products and services. Information collected may include configuration
data such as GPU and CPU, and operating system.

The SOFTWARE may contain links to third party websites and services. NVIDIA
encourages you to review the privacy statements on those sites and services that
you choose to visit to understand how they may collect, use and share your
data. NVIDIA is not responsible for the privacy statements or practices of third
party sites or services.

Please review the NVIDIA Privacy Policy, located at
https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/about-nvidia/privacy-policy, which explains
NVIDIA's policy for collecting and using data.

14. Assignment.

NVIDIA may assign, delegate or transfer its rights or obligations under this
Agreement by any means or operation of law. You may not, without NVIDIA's prior
written consent, assign, delegate or transfer any of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement by any means or operation of law, and any attempt to do so
is null and void.

15. Trade Compliance.

You agree to comply with all applicable export, import, trade and economic
sanctions laws and regulations, including U.S. Export Administration
Regulations and Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations. These laws include
restrictions on destinations, end-users and end-use.

16. Government Use.

The SOFTWARE, including related documentation ("Protected Items") is a
"Commercial product" as this term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of
"commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation"
as such terms are used in, respectively, 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202
& 252.227-7014(a)(1). Before any Protected Items are supplied to the
U.S. Government, you will (i) inform the U.S. Government in writing that the
Protected Items are and must be treated as commercial computer software and
commercial computer software documentation developed at private expense; (ii)
inform the U.S. Government that the Protected Items are provided subject to the
terms of this Agreement; and (iii) mark the Protected Items as commercial
computer software and commercial computer software documentation developed at
private expense. In no event will you permit the U.S. Government to acquire
rights in Protected Items beyond those specified in 48
C.F.R. 52.227-19(b)(1)-(2) or 252.227-7013(c) except as expressly approved by
NVIDIA in writing.

17. Notices.

Please direct your legal notices or other correspondence to NVIDIA Corporation,
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051, United States of
America, Attention: Legal Department. If NVIDIA needs to contact you about the
SOFTWARE, you consent to receive the notices by email and that such notices will
satisfy any legal communication requirements.

18. Entire Agreement.

Regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, the parties agree that (i) this
Agreement constitutes the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous communications and (ii) any additional
or different terms or conditions, whether contained in purchase orders, order
acknowledgments, invoices or otherwise, will not be binding on the receiving
party and are null and void. This Agreement may only be modified in a writing
signed by an authorized representative of each party.

If a court of competent jurisdiction rules that a provision of this Agreement is
unenforceable, that provision will be deemed modified to the extent necessary to
make it enforceable and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
force and effect.

19. No Waiver.

No failure or delay by a party to enforce any Agreement term or obligation will
operate as a waiver by that party, or prevent the enforcement of such term or
obligation later.

20. Licensing.

For any questions regarding this Agreement, please contact NVIDIA at
driver-licensing@nvidia.com

(v. February 25, 2025)
