Redis Source Available License 2.0 (RSALv2) Agreement
=====================================================

Last Update: December 30, 2023

Acceptance
----------

This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions on which the Licensor
makes available the Software. By installing, downloading, accessing,
Using, or distributing any of the Software, You agree to all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

If You are receiving the Software on behalf of Your Company, You
represent and warrant that You have the authority to agree to this
Agreement on behalf of such entity.

The Licensor reserves the right to update this Agreement from time to
time.

The terms below have the meanings set forth below for purposes of this
Agreement:

Definitions
-----------

Agreement: this Redis Source Available License 2.0 Agreement.

Control: ownership, directly or indirectly, of substantially all the
assets of an entity, or the power to direct its management and policies
by vote, contract, or otherwise.

License: the License as described in the License paragraph below.

Licensor: the entity offering these terms, which includes Redis Ltd. on
behalf of itself and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.

Modify, Modified, or Modification: copy from or adapt all or part of the
work in a fashion requiring copyright permission other than making an
exact copy. The resulting work is called a Modified version of the
earlier work.

Redis: the Redis software as described in redis.com redis.io.

Software: certain Software components designed to work with Redis and
provided to You under this Agreement.

Trademark: the trademarks, service marks, and any other similar rights.

Use: anything You do with the Software requiring one of Your Licenses.

You: the recipient of the Software, the individual or entity on whose
behalf You are agreeing to this Agreement.

Your Company: any legal entity, sole proprietorship, or other kind of
organization that You work for, plus all organizations that have control
over, are under the control of, or are under common control with that
organization.

Your Licenses: means all the Licenses granted to You for the Software
under this Agreement.

License
-------

The Licensor grants You a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide,
non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use, copy, distribute,
make available, and prepare derivative works of the Software, in each
case subject to the limitations and conditions below.

Limitations
-----------

You may not make the functionality of the Software or a Modified version
available to third parties as a service or distribute the Software or a
Modified version in a manner that makes the functionality of the
Software available to third parties.

Making the functionality of the Software or Modified version available
to third parties includes, without limitation, enabling third parties to
interact with the functionality of the Software or Modified version in
distributed form or remotely through a computer network, offering a
product or service, the value of which entirely or primarily derives
from the value of the Software or Modified version, or offering a
product or service that accomplishes for users the primary purpose of
the Software or Modified version.

You may not alter, remove, or obscure any licensing, copyright, or other
notices of the Licensor in the Software. Any use of the Licensor's
Trademarks is subject to applicable law.

Patents
-------

The Licensor grants You a License, under any patent claims the Licensor
can License, or becomes able to License, to make, have made, use, sell,
offer for sale, import and have imported the Software, in each case
subject to the limitations and conditions in this License. This License
does not cover any patent claims that You cause to be infringed by
Modifications or additions to the Software. If You or Your Company make
any written claim that the Software infringes or contributes to
infringement of any patent, your patent License for the Software granted
under this Agreement ends immediately. If Your Company makes such a
claim, your patent License ends immediately for work on behalf of Your
Company.

Notices
-------

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the Software
from You also gets a copy of the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

If You modify the Software, You must include in any Modified copies of
the Software prominent notices stating that You have Modified the
Software.

No Other Rights
---------------

The terms and conditions of this Agreement do not imply any Licenses
other than those expressly granted in this Agreement.

Termination
-----------

If You Use the Software in violation of this Agreement, such Use is not
Licensed, and Your Licenses will automatically terminate. If the
Licensor provides You with a notice of your violation, and You cease all
violations of this License no later than 30 days after You receive that
notice, Your Licenses will be reinstated retroactively. However, if You
violate this Agreement after such reinstatement, any additional
violation of this Agreement will cause your Licenses to terminate
automatically and permanently.

No Liability
------------

As far as the law allows, the Software comes as is, without any
warranty or condition, and the Licensor will not be liable to You for
any damages arising out of this Agreement or the Use or nature of the
Software, under any kind of legal claim.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction
------------------------------

If You are located in Asia, Pacific, Americas, or other jurisdictions
not listed below, the Agreement will be construed and enforced in all
respects in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A.,
without reference to its choice of law rules. The courts located in the
County of Santa Clara, California, have exclusive jurisdiction for all
purposes relating to this Agreement.

If You are located in Israel, the Agreement will be construed and
enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of
Israel without reference to its choice of law rules. The courts located
in the Central District of the State of Israel have exclusive
jurisdiction for all purposes relating to this Agreement.

If You are located in Europe, United Kingdom, Middle East or Africa, the
Agreement will be construed and enforced in all respects in accordance
with the laws of England and Wales without reference to its choice of
law rules. The competent courts located in London, England, have
exclusive jurisdiction for all purposes relating to this Agreement.
